A_te		Features of test set for audio data, MFCC feature
A_tr		Features of training set for audio data, MFCC feature
d3_te		Features of test set for 3D data, LightField feature
d3_tr		Features of training set for 3D data, LightField feature
I_te		Features of test set for image data, BoVW feature
I_tr		Features of training set for image data, BoVW feature
T_te		Features of test set for text data, LDA feature
T_tr		Features of training set for text data, LDA feature
V_te		Features of test set for video(frame) data, BoVW feature
V_tr		Features of training set for video(frame) data, BoVW feature
I_te_CNN	Features of test set for image data, CNN feature
I_tr_CNN	Features of training set for image data, CNN feature
T_te_BOW	Features of test set for text data, BOW feature
T_tr_BOW	Features of training set for text data, BOW feature
V_te_CNN	Features of test set for video(frame) data, CNN feature
V_tr_CNN	Features of training set for video(frame) data, CNN feature
te3dCat		category label of test set for 3D data
tr3dCat		category label of training set for 3D data
teAudCat	category label of test set for audio data
trAudCat	category label of training set for audio data
teImgCat	category label of test set for image data
trImgCat	category label of training set for image data
teVidCat	category label of test set for video(frame) data
trVidCat	category label of training set for video(frame) data
teTxtCat	category label of test set for text data
trTxtCat	category label of training set for text data
